{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 \'93Aussie Laugh\'94
\i0  written for LORKAS\
\
 **Use patches with Blue Tags**\
\
\'93Aussie Laugh\'94 is written completely for the discretion of the players. The most important part of this piece is for the performers to listen. There are two roles for this piece - a duet being the absolute minimum of players - however any number of musicians are encouraged to play. \
\
\ul Instructions for performers:\ulnone \
1.
\i  The Phase Keeper
\i0 \
	-This performer is to start and stop the phase shifting algorithm. To his/her discretion, the 	performer is encouraged to manipulate the perimeters of the phase shifting by moving the 	frequency slider and the envelope slider as the phase between rhythmic patterns occur.\
2. 
\i The Granulator Synth (written for any number of performers):
\i0 \
	-The role for these performers is to evoke sonic expression through manipulating a given 	audio sample. For instance, the sample used inspired for this LORAKS rendition of 
\i Aussie 	Laugh
\i0  will be a recording of a friend saying, \'93No, you remember my name.\'94 \
	-Performers are to create sonic textures and repetitive melodies using a groove~ object which 	is then ran through a filter~ and echo~ jamoma module. The performers are to discern when 	perimeters of these modules are to be manipulated as the phasing continues to shift. For 	instance, creating a dense sonic texture by increasing the percentage of feedback on the 	module. Another example is sliding around the equalizers attached to both the filter~ and the 	echo~ modules. \
\
\ul Score:\ulnone \

\f1\b 1.
\f0\b0 Phase is to be played at 455ms (130bpm), once the cycle of phasing is complete the tempo is be to adjusted 750ms (80bpm).\

\f1\b 2.
\f0\b0  When the phase is moving at 130bpm, the phasing takes ~4 minutes to complete a cycle.\
	
\f1\b 2a.) 
\f0\b0 About every 30 seconds a new rhythm is introduced as the phase process moves 	forward. 
\i Granular Synth 
\i0 performers must not trigger any samples or create any sounds until 	the first set of polyrhythms has begun (which will appear ~30 seconds into the piece). When a 	
\i Granular Synth 
\i0 performer hears a new set of polyrhythms, they are to chose 	a new set of perimeters within the groove~ module as well as LEFT and RIGHT delay 	value on the echo~ module in which to create sounds. In order for this piece to have an 	appropriate emotional feel, the 
\i Granular Synth 
\i0 performers are encouraged to intuitively 	play back samples intermittently thus slowly building tension.\

\f1\b 	2b.) 
\f0\b0 As the rhythms begin to slowly change through the phasing process, the 
\i Phase Keeper
\i0  	is to create tension by manipulating the frequency slider and the envelope slider to 	his/her discretion. The goal for this activity is to seemingly move the phasing to the next set of 	polyrhythms. Once the phase has reached the new set of polyrhythms, the 
\i Phase Keeper 
\i0 will 	stop manipulating the frequency and envelope.\
\
\
}